Regular diagnostics docs do not apply to azure functions (#6183)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/hosting/startup-diagnostics.md

reviewed: 2023-01-03
---

> INFO: Does not apply to Azure Function hosts. For Azure Function hosts check [Azure Function In-process diagnostics](/nservicebus/hosting/azure-functions-service-bus/#configuration-custom-diagnostics) or [Azure Function Isolated Worker diagnostics](/nservicebus/hosting/azure-functions-service-bus/isolated-worker#custom-triggers-custom-diagnostics)

Author: ```suggestion
INFO: Does not apply to Azure Function hosts. For Azure Function hosts check [Azure Function In-process diagnostics](/nservicebus/hosting/azure-functions-service-bus/#configuration-custom-diagnostics) or [Azure Function Isolated Worker diagnostics](/nservicebus/hosting/azure-functions-service-bus/isolated-worker.md#custom-triggers-custom-diagnostics)
```

> INFO: Does not apply to Azure Function hosts. For Azure Function hosts check [Azure Function In-process diagnostics](/nservicebus/hosting/azure-functions-service-bus/#configuration-custom-diagnostics) or [Azure Function Isolated Worker diagnostics](/nservicebus/hosting/azure-functions-service-bus/isolated-worker.md#custom-triggers-custom-diagnostics)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INFO: This document does not apply to Azure Function hosts. For Azure Function hosts, see [Azure Function In-process diagnostics](/nservicebus/hosting/azure-functions-service-bus/#configuration-custom-diagnostics) or [Azure Function Isolated Worker diagnostics](/nservicebus/hosting/azure-functions-service-bus/isolated-worker.md#custom-triggers-custom-diagnostics)
```
